# Software Engineering Project (CO2015):  Group 3 Meeting Minutes

**Date and time of meeting:**

14:00 18/02/2016

**Participants:**

Phoebe, Will, Connor, Ross, Gavin, Ihtasham, Kalin

**Agenda and records of the meeting:**

**Approval of minutes (of previous meeting):**

- Fine (see minutes-16-02)
	
**Matters arising (from previous minutes):**

- Gavin: Design pages

- Will/Kalin: step definitions

**Further clarification on what to include in the prototype:**

- User login

- Will: Account creation/registration

- Distinguishing between account types

- Ihtasham: Adapt current code to allow searcher/landlord/admin

- Potential: confirmation email, recaptcha

- Phoebe: Data storage - storing new users/properties; create relationships between entities; draw object diagram

- Basic messaging: Includes sending and receiving messages, but no IM. There will be an interface that lists all of your messages, but they won't arrive in real time.

- Ihtasham (previous code): Real-time messaging: Appears alongside information on main page [JavaScript]

- Connor: Property search [using Spring, property objects and crud repositories; matching given information to attributes of property]

- Will/Ihtasham: Buddy system: list all people on site; be able to notify another user you want to buddy up with them. Buddies are NOT suggested based on preferences (will implement this later)

- Create new property + upload info and images [use link to the image; local storage]

- Express interest [JavaScript]

- Delete accounts [already exists]

- Suspend account [modify delete; enabled flag and a date of suspension. Attempt to login; if past the set date will disable flag and set suspension to false]

- Admin messaging all users

- User provided comments/ratings on properties: simple. Will be implemented as part of the 'view a property' function
property -> user -> rating [memberid/propertyid to link]

- Notifications will be integrated with the messaging service to begin with (users are sent a standard message); for further sprints this will be fleshed out into a 'pop-up notification' system. [JavaScript]

- At a later date: We will have a dummy system to show the visuals of 'pop-up notifications', but they will not be generated by user interaction.

- Local amenities/transport on OpenMaps; user signs up and adds home/uni which is shown on the map.

- OpenStreetMap integration; using a preexsiting API should be straightforward. Is also a critical part of the application that we want to demonstrate. [see software architecture]

- Potential SPIKE: turn-by-turn directions being shown in real time on the mobile interface (this can be implemented with HTML5 geolocation or linking a route to Google maps)

**Progress during the last period:**

Initial class diagrams and software architecture were uploaded.

**Tasks and roles during the next period:**

To be finished over the weekend:

- User login

- Account creation/registration

- Create roles (searcher/landlord/admin).

- Index page

Start work on:

- Property search

**AOB (Any Other Business):**

None

**Role assignment for next week:**


|   Name   |     Role/task performed     |  Comments |
|----------|-----------------------------|-----------|
| Will     |User login. Account create/register|To be done by monday|
| Ihtasham |Admin/searcher/landlord roles. Index page|To be done by monday|
| Kalin    |Continue work on backlog/features|           |
| Connor   |Property search/update risk assessment|To be done by thursday|
| Ross     |Update Gantt and start Config Managment plan|           |
| Gavin    |Create graphical demo of site (with bootstrap)|This includes create account form; messaging interface; user profile page; property page. To be done by wednesday/thursday          |
| Phoebe   |Continue work on object design|           |
	

**Date and time of next meeting:**

18:00 Monday 22nd: Discuss progress on tasks allocated in these minutes
