# Software Engineering Project (CO2015):  Group 3 Meeting Minutes

**Date and time of meeting:**

11:30 16/02/2016

**Participants:**

Phoebe, Will, Connor, Ross

**Agenda and records of the meeting:**

**Approval of minutes (of previous meeting):**

- Fine (see minutes-12-02)
	
**Matters arising (from previous minutes):**

**We've decided to implement the following in the prototype:**

- All visuals (i.e. distinguishing between account types)

- Data storage - storing new users/properties

- Account creation; confirmation email

- Not profile statistics; no message storage (but the message interface will be implemented)

- Property search

- Buddy system: list all people on site; be able to notify another user you want to buddy up with them. Buddies are NOT suggested based on preferences (will implement this later)

- Create new property + upload info and images

- Delete/suspend accounts; will be fully implented

- Admin messaging all users; will be implemented (easy to adapt regular messaging to)

- Messaging: basic version to include sending and receiving messages, but no IM. There will be an interface that lists all of your messages, but they won't arrive in real time. No pop-up messaging interface.

- Local amenities/transport on OpenMaps? How much more difficult is this than creating a map showing only properties? If we display these we will also display user feedback/ratings.

- OpenStreetMap integration; using a preexsiting API should be straightforward. Is also a critical part of the application that we want to demonstrate.

- Notifications will be integrated with the messaging service to begin with (users are sent a standard email); for further sprints this will be fleshed out into a 'pop-up notification' system. We will have a dummy system to show the visuals of 'pop-up notifications', but they will not be generated by user interaction.

- User provided feedback/ratings on properties: simple. Will be implemented as part of the 'view a property' function

- Potential SPIKE: turn-by-turn directions being shown in real time on the mobile interface (this can be implemented with HTML5 geolocation)

**Progress during the last period:**

- Received feedback on WS1 and had a meeting to discuss marks. Clarified how to complete tasks for WS2; whether we're updating previous tasks or starting anew.

**Tasks and roles during the next period:**

- Start domain model (tables, entities etc)

- Below tasks will be designated on Thursday:

- Adapt new change request feature to new message feature.

- Create roles (searcher/landlord).

- Implement account creation, account deletion, account type visual differention (basic), new property creation [info/image upload].

- Discuss what the backend provides to the front end. We will allocate tasks by page.

**AOB (Any Other Business):**

- Initialised travis/gradle/Spring folder structure on GitHub repo. This included implenting the basic website features as taken from CO2006.

**Role assignment for next week:**


|   Name   |     Role/task performed     |  Comments |
|----------|-----------------------------|-----------|
| Will     |Initialised travis/gradle/Spring|Used his basic website as a base for the project|
| Ihtasham |N/A|           |
| Kalin    |N/A|           |
| Connor   |N/A|           |
| Ross     |Update Gantt and start Config Managment plan|           |
| Gavin    |N/A|           |
| Phoebe   |Uploaded minutes. Assigned tasks.|           |
	

**Date and time of next meeting:**

14:00 Thursday 18th: Plan next set of tasks to complete/functions to implement.
