# Software Engineering Project (CO2015):  Group 3 Meeting Minutes

**Date and time of meeting:**

15:00 29/02/2016

**Participants:**

Phoebe, Will, Connor, Ross, Ihtasham, Kalin

**Agenda and records of the meeting:**

**Approval of minutes (of previous meeting):**

- Fine (see minutes-25-02)
	
**Matters arising (from previous minutes):**

* In general, how is development progressing?

**Progress during the last period:**

Will:
* Tests for registering users completed
* Can return list of Buddys
* Checkstyle all code

Ihtasham:
* Messaging is nearly finished
* Styling is nearly complete
* Maps are fully implemented

Ross:
* Updated Gantt; broke down tasks into smaller chunks
* Revised risk assessment

Connor:
* Completed search

Phoebe:
* Updated domain models

Kalin:
* Revised order of gherkins

**Tasks and roles during the next period:**

Will:
* Create the class diagram for registering users
* Complete Java docs

Ihtasham:
* Fix messaging issues
* Create admin and landlord pages
* Create admin dashboard
* Create landlord dashboard
* Manage properties from landlord side
* Implement notifications feature
* Implement 'Report User/Property' feature

Ross:
* Update Gantt
* Complete risk assessment
* Create feature file for creating a property

Connor:
* Implement express interest
* Create the scenarios for the search function
* Add "No results found" message on search page

Phoebe:
* Update domain models
* Complete data management strategy
* Complete security layer documentation

Kalin:
* Revise gherkins in terms of features we've implemented; verify scenarios

**AOB (Any Other Business):**

* All work listed above should be completed by Thursday

For Sprint 2:
* Add navigation bar on search result map

**Role assignment for next week:**


|   Name   |     Role/task performed     |  Comments |
|----------|-----------------------------|-----------|
| Will     |Diagrammer/Documenter||
| Ihtasham |Developer||
| Kalin    |Test reviser||
| Connor   |Developer/test writer||
| Ross     |Project planner/risk assessor/test planner||
| Gavin    |-|-|
| Phoebe   |Diagrammer/Documenter||
	
	
**Date and time of next meeting:**

18:00 Thursday 29th: Final meeting before submission
