# Software Engineering Project (CO2015):  Group 3 Meeting Minutes

**Date and time of meeting:**

17:00 07/03/2016

**Participants:**

Phoebe, Will, Connor, Ross, Gavin, Kalin

**Agenda and records of the meeting:**

**Approval of minutes (of previous meeting):**

- Fine (see minutes-03-03)
	
**Matters arising (from previous minutes):**

* Organise presentation structure for Sprint 1 retrospective
* Reflect on what went well/badly during the Sprint
* Decide Start/Stop/Continue tasks

**Progress during the last period:**

* Released Sprint 1

**Tasks and roles during the next period:**

* Allocate tasks/roles for Sprint 1.5 [time period until Easter holiday]
* Individually read through what will be required for Worksheet 3 to be prepared for the planning meeting

**AOB (Any Other Business):**

* Decide finalised 'look' of site
* Fix minor visual issues (see "sprint retrospective" document for details)

**Role assignment for next week:**


|   Name   |     Role/task performed     |  Comments |
|----------|-----------------------------|-----------|
| Will     |TBD||
| Ihtasham |TBD||
| Kalin    |TBD||
| Connor   |TBD||
| Ross     |TBD||
| Gavin    |TBD||
| Phoebe   |TBD||
	
	
**Date and time of next meeting:**

12:00 Wednesday 9th: Plan for Sprint 2
