# Software Engineering Project (CO2015):  Group 3 Meeting Minutes

**Date and time of meeting:**

12:00 15/03/2016

**Participants:**

Phoebe, Will, Ross, Connor, Gavin, Kalin

**Agenda and records of the meeting:**

**Approval of minutes (of previous meeting):**

- Fine (see minutes-11-03)
	
**Matters arising (from previous minutes):**

* In general, how is development progressing?

**Progress during the last period:**

* Started newly assigned tasks
* Received feedback for WS2

##### Connor
- No progress

##### Ross
- Bootstrap: Created design brief for Landing page/Buddy Up system/Property Listings page
  * Currently feel like the site is too plain; not commercial.
  * Add thumbnail pictures of potential buddies
  * Searching a property creates fresh page with a picture of each property, breif summary, property name.
  * Each room should have its own picture
  * User selects property; displays gallery of all associated images.
  * Each property page has a 'get directions' button
  * Add detail to profile page (e.g. buddies)
  
##### Will
- Uploaded the site to a dedicated server for testing purposes

##### Phoebe
- Raised discussed tasks as issues for visibility
- Submitted initial version of Sprint 1 Retrospective
- Added links to WS3 minutes files

##### Gavin
- Started task 2; created object design split by sprints and added headings. Can compare designs to see how the system has developed.

##### Kalin
- No progress

**Tasks and roles during the next period:**

##### Discussion of Feedback
* Project plan: Good. Happy with feedback.
* Object Design: Claims EER was exported from MySQL; intially true, but optional relationships were then manually added. This needs challenging.
* Testing: Some minor issues that have no effect on the testing itself. Some methodology needs changing, and the way objects are retrieved from the database needs making more explicit [dummy properties].
* Software: Must implement visual difference for each user type. Clean up commented out code.
* Minutes: Feedback minutes WERE taken; maybe not linked to?

##### Connor
* Create test property file for loading into the database

##### Ross
* Add raised issues to Gantt chart
* Risk assessment revision
* Configuration management plan revision

##### Will
* Need to test uploading by each loggin on and exchanging messages/adding buddies etc
* Arrange for automatic committing to the server to keep system up to date
* Automate server restarting for each commit.
* Upload new Bootstrap template for Landing page

##### Phoebe
* Write up minutes of meeting

##### Gavin
* Carry on with task 2; will commit current progress by Friday

##### Kalin
* Refine task 2 with Gavin; allocate tasks between themselves. Will commit progress by Friday also.

**AOB (Any Other Business):**
* Register page: users should only need to submit email, password, and name to create an account. Extra profile detail can be added later.
* Could add 'profile is X% complete' notice on profile.
* Bootstrap designs need further refinement before implementation
* Would like to have all main features implemented before Friday

**Role assignment for next week:**


|   Name   |     Role/task performed     |  Comments |
|----------|-----------------------------|-----------|
| Will     |System developer||
| Ihtasham |-|-|
| Kalin    |Object designer||
| Connor   |System developer/tester||
| Ross     |Project planner||
| Gavin    |Object design||
| Phoebe   |Coordinator||
	
	
**Date and time of next meeting:**

11:00 Friday 15th: General meeting (final meeting before Easter)
