# Software Engineering Project (CO2015):  Group 3 Meeting Minutes

**Date and time of meeting:**

14:00 23/03/2016

**Participants:**

Phoebe, Will, Connor, Gavin, Kalin, Ross

**Agenda and records of the meeting:**

**Approval of minutes (of previous meeting):**

- Fine (see minutes-18-03)
	
**Matters arising (from previous minutes):**

* In general, how is development progressing?

**Progress during the last period:**

* Made progress on assigned tasks

##### Connor
- Implementing Properties/Rooms; every time you add a room to a property it'll increase the amount.
- Changed navigation bar to be uniform across all JSPs; contained in one file, then called from other files.
- Fixed 'available to - available to' typo
- Rooms now have test file containing dummy data
  
##### Will
- Started working on BuddyUp system; have added new section on profile page listing current Buddies (non functional).

##### Phoebe
- Updated issues to be assigned to specific people

##### Gavin
- Working on task 2; want to set personal deadline in order to leave enough time to complete User Manual

##### Kalin
- Also working on task 2
- Started work on HTML Bootstrap implementation; using new designs. Want to complete by the 27th. [Website revamp]

##### Ross
- Updated the gantt
- Re-done the config management plan
- Thought of risks to add to the risk assessment

**Tasks and roles during the next period:**

##### Connor
* Photo uploads (once Properties/Rooms has been implmented)

##### Will
* Finishing BuddyUp function

##### Phoebe
* Write up minutes of meeting
* Complete minor issues

##### Gavin
* Carry on with task 2; will finish by April 10th to start work on user manual

##### Kalin
* Carry on with Bootstrap designs/Object design

##### Ross
* Commit all current changes
* Add more detail to test plan
* Add more risks to risk assessment
* Update Gantt

**AOB (Any Other Business):**
* Will: Set everyone a user id for the dedicated server so we can upload + push to see changes live
* Will: Post instructions on how to push to server [first must link current repo to live repo which connects it to the server]
* Keep an eye on issues and update as worked on/completed

**Role assignment for next week:**


|   Name   |     Role/task performed     |  Comments |
|----------|-----------------------------|-----------|
| Will     |System developer||
| Ihtasham |-|-|
| Kalin    |Object designer/Website designer||
| Connor   |System developer/tester||
| Ross     |Project planner/risk assesser||
| Gavin    |Object design||
| Phoebe   |Coordinator||
	
	
**Date and time of next meeting:**

14:00 Wednesday 29th: General meeting (over Skype)
