# Software Engineering Project (CO2015):  Group 3 Meeting Minutes

**Date and time of meeting:**

10:30 02/02/2016 [1] & 11:30 02/02/2016 [2]

**Participants:**

Everyone


**Agenda and records of the meeting:**

1. Approval of minutes (of previous meeting)

  Fine (see: minutes-29-01 / all information denoted with [1])
	
2. Matters arising (from previous minutes)

  [1] Confirm and prioritise questions to ask FDM; assign question/note taker roles.
  
  [2] Discuss the information given to us by FDM; what does this mean for the project? How will we go about implementing what they've requested? Did they tell us more or less than what we needed to know?

3. Progress during the last period

  [1] We'd created a list of potential questions to ask FDM during our interview session.
  
  [2] We had our interview with FDM; we then discussed the answers given and how we would advance on these.

4. Tasks and roles during the next period

  [1] 2/3 of us will ask questions to FDM and the rest will take notes on the answers given.
  
  [1] We decided not to make a rigid rota on who would ask each question; we believed the interview would be more natural and flow better without this.
  
  [2] Each of us will complete (at least a draft of) our allocated tasks.

5. AOB (Any Other Business)

  [1] None
  
  [2] Brief update report on our personal current tasks; ensure everyone is feeling confident in having a first draft done by Friday.

**Role assignment for next week:**

[1]

|   Name   |     Role/task performed     |  Comments |
|----------|-----------------------------|-----------|
| Will     | Question asker              |           |
| Ihtasham | Question asker              |           |
| Kalin    | Question asker              |           |
| Connor   | Note taker                  |           |
| Ross     | Note taker                  |           |
| Gavin    | Note taker                  |           |
| Phoebe   | Note taker                  |           |

[2]

|   Name   |     Role/task performed     |  Comments |
|----------|-----------------------------|-----------|
| Will     | Complete glossary           |           |
| Ihtasham | Upload answers given by FDM |           |
| Kalin    | Complete project backlog    |           |
| Connor   | Create risk assessment      |           |
| Ross     | Update gantt chart          |           |
| Gavin    | Design website interface    |           |
| Phoebe   | Create use case diagram     |           |
	

**Date and time of next meeting:**

11:30 - 13:00 Thursday 4th: General meeting

12:00 - 14:00 Thursday 4th: General meeting
